docs: troubleshooting issues with self-signed SSL certs (#11126)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/troubleshooting.md

Note that these settings persist but a **restart is required**.

> ### Randomly stops working

Reviewer: "randomly stops working" is a bit vague. in what way does it stop working? do requests hang, are there exceptions, does the process crash, etc.?

Also if there is a dependency loop, a full reload will happen. To solve this, try removing the loop.

### High number of HMR updates in console

> This can be caused by a dependency loop,. To solve this, try removing the loop.

Reviewer: line 102 indicates something else will happen when there's a circular dependency
this is normally referred to as a "circular dependency" rather than "dependency loop". if we keep both lines we should probably use that wording. also there was a `,.` here which should be updated
```suggestion
This can be caused by a circular dependency. To solve this, try breaking the loop.
```
